KEVIN HANSLEY
81 Love Lane 
Hartford, CT.
860.977.3554 
Kevhanss@aol.com

Dear Hiring Manager: 

I am writing to you seeking a position with your firm. I feel that my skills would be a great match for the position you currently have open.  With over 18 years experience working with a large law firm. I can offer your company both top-notch creative services as well as a strong set of paralegal / project assistant skills . My previous position as Trial Department Project Assistant has given me invaluable and extensive experience in file restructuring.  The trial department had great difficulty in maintaining its files. I was placed in charge of the filing project and developed an excellent filing system for the restructuring department. This system was needed due to the high demand for the documents at the initiation of many cases.

I also assisted with the conversion of the C.M.S system which exceeded the Law Firm expectations as well as significantly improved the firms operations. I received a personal letter from the partners at the firm, letting me know how much they appreciated my contributions to the conversion project.  They were proud of the professionalism, teamwork and commitment to the firm that I demonstrated during this very challenging time. The project was recognized and a monetary award was given to me in appreciation of a job well done. 

Please feel free to contact me anytime at 860-977-3554 and I will be happy to talk with you and discuss how I can be of value to your firm. I will also attempt to make contact with you this week to further this discussion.


Sincerely, 
Kevin Hansley





























KEVIN HANSLEY
81 Love Lane 
Hartford, CT.
860-977-3554 
Kevhanss@aol.com

SUMMARY

 Proven ability to work independently in all aspects of  litigation, including Family Law, Corporate Bankruptcy and commercial Real Estate. Excellent work ethic, strong desire to succeed and advance, positive attitude highly intelligent and motivated. High sense of diligence and ability to effectively multi-task  several complex assignments with tight deadlines. Strong critical thinking skills. Proficiency in developing excellent relationships with coworkers  and clients. Great ability to work independently and with a team "to get  the job done". Remarkable skill at organizing work and resolving problems that  arise in day to day activities. In-depth ability to work with difficult clientele in a respectful  and courteous manner. Observant, intuitive and conscientious with great attention to detail. Deep ability to institute and conduct all phases of office procedures. Office equipment including;    personal computers, fax, copiers & printers. Strong computer skills and knowledge of many software and  online applications, including Word, Excel,  Point, Outlook, Quick-Books, Word Perfect, Hot Docs, Wave Transcribe & West Law.  


EDUCATION
Bachelors Degree – Business Administration, Husson University, Bangor, ME. 
(in progress)
Associate Degree – Business Administration, Husson University, Bangor, ME.
Diploma, Data Entry Controls, Computer Processing Institute, East Hartford, CT.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERANCE
Day Pitney llp, Hartford, CT
(formerly Day Berry & Howard)
Project Assistant, Bankruptcy Department (2005-2009)
Provided administrative support to one or more lawyers
Assist in preparation of trials.
Conduct legal research.
Digest and index information obtained prior to trial.
Maintain complex dockets and files.
Perform office procedures in the everyday running of a legal office.
Maintain complex dockets and files, both manually and electronically.
Prepare documents and organize materials for civil and criminal trials

Day Pitney llp, Hartford, CT
Document Coordinator. Trial Department (2002-2005)
Organized and maintained files.
Prepared materials proofreading documents.
Provided administrative support to one or more lawyers
Provided timely and accurate processing of all work requests, including but not limited to Legal and Risk projects.
Organized and maintained files.
Prepared general correspondence, typing and proofreading documents.Created and maintained a litigation database and hard copy filing system 

Day Pitney llp, Hartford, CT
Record Center Assistant (1991-2002)
Took file requests and recorded accurately phone requests keeping accurate log files.
Prepared files and prepared files for shipping follow up/closing call to secretaries, attorneys, As well as well-identify unidentified material.
Filed updates, Sub file processor.
Provided administrative support to one or more lawyers
Performed data entry.  
Printed labels and Modification Clarify Discrepancies.
Handled phone inquiries.
 Assisted in conflict checks and client information.

Day Pitney llp, Hartford, CT
Billing Department Assistant (1990 – 1991)
Billed incoming expenses and pulled corresponding worksheets.
Transferred Copy Projects, Research, and input write-offs.
Proofread client matters and input information.
Filed unpaid bills, ran reports and set-up WordPerfect worksheets.

PART-TIME WORK EXPERIENCE
Star Mentoring Services, Hartford, CT  (2002 – 2003)
Mentor
 Mentored children 8-16 which included social group activities, educational events and community participation.

Boys and Girls Club, Hartford, CT  (1990 – 2005)
Physical Education Coordinator
Coordinated special events, social recreation, and organization.
Acted as a Community Liaison. 

ACHIEVEMENTS
Day, Berry & Howard and Day Pitney, llp  - In-house  Classes
Three-year varsity basketball team captain with nationwide ranking (top ten).
Held the Husson College school record 35-w and 2-1’s.
Selected to represent Husson College as “President of Husson College” for the day.

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
Hartford ING - Volunteer
WTIC radio/Salvation Army Holiday Store - Volunteer
Received the “Agency Spotlight Award” from the Sierra Club Inner City Outing and Outreach Program of the Sierra Club Hartford Chapter




Sincerely, 
Kevin Hansley



