JOANN COOPER
9 Timothy Road
Hartford, Connecticut 06108
(860) 289-8489 

Accomplished, Professional seeking a Management position in  Customer Service.

Computer Skills: Intermediate level MS Word and MS Excel skills.

Key Strengths: Excellent interpersonal skills, energetic; detail-oriented; strong work ethic; great attitude. Excellent organization and problem-solving skills. A self starter, who works well with others.  Inapt ability to understand customer needs and provide high quality individualized service.. Able to motivate others and  help employers build strong, long-lasting business relationships. 
Extensive experience working with major accounts. 
 
EXPERIENCE
 
ShopRite - East Hartford, Connecticut
Cashier/Front End Customer Service Clerk –
 
Duties consisted of serving as back up cashier and customer service assistance. Price checks, resolving customer issues or complaints, promoting new items on sale weekly. 
 
HPC FOODS –Roma Foods– South Windsor, Windsor, Connecticut
Group Leader/Receptionist/Senior Customer Representative 

Provided exceptional support to customers , while working with maintaining  the reputation of this s respected food service supply house. Performed data entry, order and  credit processing as well as up-selling. Made expert use of the company’s complex Worked with a number of the company’s largest accounts, including Foxwoods Casino, Mohegan Sun Casino, Hartford Hospital and West Hartford School Systems. 
¨ Praised by customers for understanding, anticipating and serving their needs. 
¨ As Group Leader, provided leadership to a six-person team. Trained, mentored and advised other representatives. Designated to represent the team at monthly meetings – contributing ideas to improve productivity, and bringing new ideas from others to the team for implementation.  

References available upon request.
ordering system, which required advanced understanding of MS Word and MS Excel. Utilized organizational, communication and problem-solving skills to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction. 

¨ Served a diverse customer base, which included local accounts, national accounts and chain accounts.
¨ Delivered exceptional service and support while handling up to 75 calls per day. 
¨ 



