Diane L. Anderson
47 Dewey Conrad Ave
Orange, Ma 01364
Phone: 978-544-2848
Email: onyxdragonfly@msn.com

Experience: Over 20 years experience in data entry, customer service call center and general clerical work. Familiarity with MS applications including MS Word and Excel. 8 years as a Pharmacy Technician. Knowledge of Pharmacy inventory and ordering system, IV Admixtures, Pyxis, preparing medications, and filling orders generated onto labels by Pharmacist input of orders.
  
08/08 to 08/08/11:  Yankee Candle Company, S. Deerfield:  Position Held:  Customer Service Rep:  Duties:  Answer incoming calls from guests.  Place, assist, and answer questions regarding orders either by phone, email, or mail.  Research problem orders, enter fundraising orders, assist in making custom candles.  Train new or seasonal employees on phones.  As of 01/11, process all wholesale corporate orders, send invoices to corporate companies for payment, enter all information on spreadsheet, correspond with corporate companies regarding payment, orders, and miscellaneous questions as well as tally fundraising orders and answer phones. 
08/06 to 08/08: Homemaker/Homeschooling 14 year old son.

08/04 to 08/06: Omnicare, West Boylston. Position Held: Data Entry/Pharmacy Technician: Duties: Entered new orders and medication refill requests received from facilities served into computer, billed clients and homes for medications used, and perform other related data entry tasks. Trained new employees on computer system and how to enter orders.  Provided customer service duties such as answering incoming calls from facilities regarding medication refills and new orders, received new orders from doctors, researched problem deliveries and assisted with filling orders when pharmacy was understaffed.

01/03 to 08/04: McKesson MedManagement, Westborough State Hospital, Westborough, Massachusetts. Supervisor: Michaela McAuliffe, Director of Pharmacy, RPh. Position Held: Pharmacy Technician. Duties: Filled Medication and stock orders sent down by Patient Care Areas, inventoried, ordered, and put up stock, entered census information on patients and medical orders/pass meds into computer and inspected wards on a monthly basis.

11/02 to 01/03: In transit to Massachusetts

02/01 to 11/02: Shands Hospital, Jacksonville, Florida. Supervisor: Priscilla Newkirk, Joel Parnes, RPh. Position Held: Pharmacy Technician. Duties: Filled and distributed patient medications, materials and floor stock to all patient care areas in a timely manner, filled and delivered medication orders credit medications to patients being discharged or transferred to another nursing unit, made IV solutions, inspected wards, and researched problem deliveries.

09/98 to 04/00: Prudential/Aetna Insurance, Prudential Dr. Jacksonville, Fl. Position Held: Customer Service Representative. Duties: Answered incoming calls from members, physicians, and nurses regarding insurance claims, coverage of insurance and reprocessing of claims. Entered call documentation into computer.

