TANYA N. ROMANO 
4 Culver Court ? Naugatuck, CT 067704 ? (203) 706-3325? romansc66@yahoo.com 
EXPERIENCE 

 
CONTRACT WORK 
- Paralegal - October 2007 - present 
Equilease Financial Services, Inc. - Corporate Law 
*Bankruptcy Law-Creditors Rights
*File Proof of Claims with Bankruptcy Court throughout the United States via   electronic filing
*Monitor daily mail
*Update Systems
*Monitor Bankruptcy on Pacer
*Credit Write-ups
*Settlements
*Skip Tracing 
 
Contract Work:  Matrimonial Law 
Responsibilities: Compliance with Request for Production/Interrogatories
*Open files
*Correspondence to Client and opposing counsel
*Schedule Appointments
*Manage Attorneys Calendar
*Retrieve Information for Financial Affidavit 
 
Contract Work: Litigation 
Meeting with clients and debtors 
Update Outlook 
Scheduling and maintaining attorney calendar 
E-filing of all court (state) documents 
Dictaphone 
Transcription 
Scanning 
Document Intake and Review, document revisions, draft and finalization of all legal documents and correspondence with inhouse and outside counsel. 
 
GESMONDE, PIETROSIMONE & SGRIGNARI, LLC Hamden, Connecticut 
Paralegal 
July 1991 - September 2007 
Assist four attorneys with broad range of responsibilities that include timely preparation relating to collection litigation from inception to settlement process. Liaison between bank lenders, clients, and debtors. Responsible for maintaining file management of extensive caseload. Responsible for annual financial reports for clients. Monthly balances for debtors. Bankruptcy Law – File Proof of Claim forms with Bankruptcy Court to secure Judgment Lien (secured debt); monitor debtors Chapter 7 voluntary petition through Discharge 
Meeting with clients and debtors - handled all settlement process 
Update Outlook - Case management 
Update - Peachtree (costs/fees/payments) 
Scheduling and maintaining attorney calendar 
E-filing of all court (state) documents 
Dictaphone 
Correspondence
Document Intake and Review, document revisions, draft and finalization of all legal documents and correspondence with inhouse and outside counsel. 
Switchboard 
 
DIMENSTEIN & CELENTANO Milford, Connecticut 
Paralegal/Legal Secretary April 
1985 - December 1990 
Assisted five attorneys in all aspects of various areas of civil litigation: Family Law, Mechanic's Liens, 
Labor Law, and Corporate Law. Handled Real Estate matters pertaining to refinancing. Prepared motions, pleadings, and extensive legal correspondence. Managed attorney calendar, Scheduled meetings
Reception duty
 
EDUCATION 
UNIVERSITY OF NEW HAVEN 
West Haven, Connecticut 
Paralegal Certificate, May 1990 
 
CONNECTICUT BUSINESS INSTITUTE 
Stratford, Connecticut 
Executive Assistant Degree, May 1985 
Honors: Magna Cum Laude 
 
COMPUTER SKILLS 
Pacer, Windows XP (Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Outlook), Time Matters, PCL Law, e-filing
