Sherri R. Jones
85 Foster ST Manchester, CT 06040	
Jonesy2484@yahoo.com
860-461-4805
OBJECTIVE:  Medical Assistant position requiring experience in front office and back office procedures. 
QUALIFICATIONS:
* Highly personable Customer Service and Management/Administrative Professional with experience in general account management, sales processing, and call-center operations within the telecommunications and logistics industries
* Proficient with Microsoft Office System (including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Access and Outlook)
* Proficient with computer systems including OMD, ORACLE Modules, ACSS, ACORN, ACESS and GERS
CERTIFICATIONS: 
* CPR- Adult and Pediatric	July 2011
* First Aid- AED, Adult and Pediatric	July 2011
* Registered Medical Assistant 	(January 2012)
* Personnel Management 	August 2005

EMPLOYMENT

Access Healthcare   Medical Assistant  October 2011- December 2011
	Greeted and registered patients. 
	Prepared patient charts. 
 	Conducted patient interviews and recorded patient history summaries.  
	Maintained supplies and instruments, and readied examination rooms.  
	Answered telephones and scheduled appointments.  
	Drew blood, tested glucose levels and prepared vaccinations/immunizations.
 	Assisted physicians with vital signs, and diagnostic testing, minor laboratory testing, refilled prescriptions and EKG’s.  

USAF	Personnel Journeyman	May 2003- May 2011
 	Documented and updated the training records of all troops assigned to my squadron
 	Assisted supervisors in daily  administrative tasks 
 	Selected to escort dignitaries during Wing UCI/ORI
 	Recognized by the Wing Commander as Airman of the Squadron

IKON Office Solutions 	Senior Order Account Coordinator 	December 2007- October 2008
	Coordinated collection and preparation of financial and operation reports
 	Validated client’s credit card transactions; making corrections
 	Entered individual equipment orders into Oracle/OMD
 	Invoiced bills and transmitted information over to leasing company
 	Reconciled daily sales and prepared deposits and end- of- day reports for management

 Oakleaf Waste Management   	New Stores Assistant 	    May 2006- August 2007
	 Entered all client/vendor service information
 	Facilitated all aspects of the service in a 24-48 hour timeframe
	Verified that all required stipulations/authorizations have been made prior to setting up service with the selected vendor. Maintained client service scheduling from spreadsheets and individual requests directly from corporate contacts
 	Coordinated with other departments all necessary resources for assigned projects. Assisted in investigating and rectifying any questions/problems that clients and/or vendors bring forth

Bob’s Discount Furniture 	Customer Service Representative 	                    August 2004- February 2006
 	Assisted with accounts payable and receivable in resolving any customer’s balances 
 	Assigned service technicians to specific jobs for customers in order to rectify problems caused to merchandise by manufacture or delivery
 	Answered incoming calls from customers and resolved any problems or potential problems regarding merchandise

EDUCATION
 Branford Hall Career Institute – Professional Medical Assistant,                         January 2011 - December 2011
 Community College of the Air Force- Personnel Management Certification                   July 2005- August 2005
 Manchester Community College- Sociology, Criminal Justice                                             Aug 2003-May 2005

