Shari Renee Cretella
2003 Hartford Turnpike 
North Haven, CT 06473
203-535-1262
 203-824-7070 cell
Scretella@srhs.org 


Profile:

I am a friendly, hardworking, and clearly dedicated team player who has an ambition to succeed in any given environment.  Although I have worked in two areas of nursing, I am always up to a challenge whenever the situation.  I am known for my positive and upbeat attitude with coworkers, while also working efficiently on my own.  I am seeking a position where I can develop and excel while giving my best to an employer.

Experience:

Hospital of Saint Raphael
January 2011-Present
New Haven, CT 
I started as a Per Diem Float nurse on Long Term Care floors and Rehabilitation floors and now work full time in the Occupational Health Department.  Some of my experience includes medication passes, treatments, clearing physicals for private companies or hospital employees, triaging, drug testing, administering vaccines, etc.


Pediatric and Medical Associates
August 2007-July 2010
New Haven & Cheshire, CT
LPN/Nurse Manager working under the direct supervision of board certified Pediatricians.  Some of my experience includes: Managing the front desk operations such as check in/check out, overlooking the work of the medical assistants, administering injections, triaging calls, refilling prescriptions and completing all appropriate documentation.  I can put up insurance claims and have overlooked much of the billing side of the practice.  I also was in charge of the phone service and all technical issues.


First Choice Family Medical Center
November 2005-July 2007
Spring Hill, FL
LPN, working under the direct supervision of a board certified physician.  Some of my experience includes: Drawing blood, giving injections, taking vital signs, applying dressings to wounds, handling paperwork such as prescription refills, lab results and insurance paperwork.  Developing professional relationships with patients especially in the weight loss program.  I was promoted to direct and overlook other members of the nursing staff.



Pediatric Services of America
December 2004-November 2005
St. Petersburg, FL
LPN, working for a home health company under direct orders of the patient's physicians.  Some of my experience includes:  Educating families on how to take care of patients medical and personal needs.  Care of pediatric patients and their medical disabilities such as trachea care, ventilator assisted airways, G-Tubes, NG Tubes, brain injuries, bones injuries, premature babies, and many other aspects of nursing.  Proper documentation and working with other health care professionals such as: Physicians, Registered Nurses, Respiratory Therapists, Physical Therapists, and Speech Therapists.   Also administering medications were also part of my job description.  

Education and Certifications
1999-2003
East Haven High School
East Haven,CT 06513

Certified Nursing Assistant
(Received in Senior year of High School)

2003-2004
New England Technical Institute
Hamden, CT 06514

CPR- Current
LPN- Current in State of CT

Achievements:
I have excelled in every position and situation I have been given.  I have worked well with coworkers and employers.  I am reliable, and a hard worker.  I was promoted to a supervisor position at First Choice Family Medical Center and then again at Pediatric and Medical Associates.  I was also requested many times by families at Pediatric and Services of America.  I have had OSHA training and went to many seminars and health fairs and anything that these employers had to offer.  I look forward to expanding my career with your company.  

