                         Tara Rose Conte
                                 
                      135 Byrneside Avenue
                      Waterbury, CT  06704
                          203 695-8625
                      navyseal21719@att.net
                                
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Objective:     Obtain a position as a team player in a 
challenging people oriented environment where my ability to 
multi-task, my communication skills and my supervisory experience
can be fully utilized to improve working relationships and 
enhance the organizations community wide goals.

Experience:
  
Naugatuck Valley Gastroenterology                   Waterbury, CT
Medical Biller and Coder - Patient Advocate    11/2008 to 01/2011
*  Corresponded with insurance companies to verify patients' 
   eligibility and to obtain coverage information as it pertained
   to procedures and office visits.
*  Compiled itemized statements as to patients' responsibilities 
   according to all EOBs.
*  Managed all CPT, ICD-9 and HCPCS coding for assurance of clean
   claim submission.
*  Followed-up on all unpaid claims in a timely manner as to the 
   reason for denial and solution for payment and submitted all 
   Appeals for incorrect denials.
*  Responsible for the daily Charge and Receipt Summaries and 
   cash deposits for all billing and patient payment 
   transactions.
*  Worked with the Administrative Assistant and Physicians to 
   identify patients who are having financial problems and worked
   to overcome those issues to promote better patient care by 
   suggesting the best government program and medical coding for 
   reimbursement.
*  Participated in monthly meetings as to new insurance 
   regulations, HIPPA laws and the success of the practice as it 
   pertained to implementing and following these new regulations 
   for scheduling, billing and patient satisfaction.
*  Trained and managed office personnel in the accuracy of 
   insurance processing and achieved significant improvements in 
   productivity and payment  as a result of attending all 
   required coding meetings.
*  Use of Electronic Medical Records (EMR) as it pertained to all
   correspondence between patients, doctors and staff.
*  Ability to multi-task at a higher level while maintaining 
   accuracy, patient satisfaction and confidentiality.

Webster Bank                                         Cheshire, CT
Sr. Teller - Temporary Position                10/2007 to 11/2008
*  Performed all tasks, not only on a professional level to 
   ensure proper operation of the bank ,but on a personal level 
   as well to maintain a comfortable level of rapport with each 
   customer.
*  Involved in daily "morning focus" meetings for the proper and 
   smooth running of the branch which encompassed all monthly and
   quarterly audits of the tellers, vault cash, checks and ATM 
   transactions.
*  Responsible for all Leadership Self-Development, Sales and 
   Service, Operations and Compliance and Finance requirements as
   outlined in the Webster Handbook.
*  Reached and surpassed monthly goals set-forth in the Sr. 
   Teller Handbook for new accounts, diversifying existing 
   accounts and customer satisfaction.


Village at East Farms a Benchmark Community         Waterbury, CT
Director of Associate Relations - Human Resources 07/2004 to 
08/2007
*  Administered the recruiting process for new hires, including 
   searching for, screening candidates and checking references 
   while arranging for preliminary indoctrination and training.
*  Consulted legal staff ensuring compliance with state and 
   federal law as to the handling of all workers compensation, 
   family medical leave of absence and special needs for the 
   community.
*  Instrumental in forming the Associate Council which gathered 
   information on associates' morale, motivation, efficiency and 
   work environment and formulated solutions.
*  Compiled, posted and recorded new data and changes in existing
   data for successful processing of payroll.
*  Ensured the accuracy of all personnel records as to their 
   performance, evaluation and disciplinary actions.
*  Resolved any associate relation matters that did not follow 
   the practice standards set forth by the Executive Director.
*  Maintained respect, candor and confidentiality at all times 
   when addressing staff, residents and public awareness in the 
   services offered.

Education:
  
Albertus Magnus College                             New Haven, CT
Bachelor of Arts - Business/English                              

Awards:     *   Internship at Yale University - Spring Semester 
                of 1987
             *  Internship at Merrill Lynch - Fall Semester of 
                1987
             *  Tau Pi Phi Honor Society
             *  Dean's List Student - GPA 4.0
             *  Service Champion

Affiliations:
  
             *  Who's Who Among Executive Woman 2007
             *  National Association of Female Executives
             *  American Business Women's Association
             *  Poetry Writers of 2002
             *  Member of AAPC












References:    Ms. Chris Ritchie
            Naugatuck Valley GI
            1312 W Main Street
            Waterbury, CT
            203 756-6422

            Mrs. Donna Hyland
            Naugatuck Valley GI
            1312 W Main Street
            Waterbury, CT  
            203 756-6422

            Mr. Gregory Doolittle
            Webster Bank
            975 S Main Street
            Cheshire, CT 
            203 250-5914

