
Katrina Morin

120 Main Street
Ware, Massachusetts 01082
Phone: 727-326-3879
E-Mail: Katrinamorin@yahoo.com

Professional Summary

Certified Nursing Assistant with one year experience in a nursing home setting in the state of Florida (required clinical hours, unpaid). Patient-focused and empathetic caregiver with extensive knowledge of geriatric needs. Trained for CNA license for a total of four years in the Health Careers Academy program at Gulf High School. Graduated with honors, CMMA license, CNA license, and Pharmacy Clerk Certificate. Also completed and passed the Florida Ready to Work test. Certified in First Aid, CPR, and the Heimlich Maneuver.

Licenses

CNA License
First Aid Certification
CPR Certification
CMMA License

Skill Highlights

Team player

Good problem solver

Strong cooking skills

General housekeeping

Dementia and Alzheimer's knowledge

Time management

Medical terminology

Mobility assistance

Wound care

Feeding assistance

Charting

Trustworthy

Understands medical procedures

Grooming and bathing assistance

Prioritizing and multi-tasking

Companionship and emotional support

Documentation procedures

Compassionate

Good listener

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Efficient and reliable

Calm and level-headed

Fast learner

Patient-focused care

Valid Florida driver's license

Professional Experience

August 2010 to June 2012
Smith's Cafe New Port Richey, Fl
Waitress / Server    

First job I have had besides working in a restaurant my mother owned. Smith's Cafe is a small diner that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I have worked almost everyday there for about the past two years while maintaining good grades. I took food orders, prepped foods and desserts, brought food out to tables, in addition to waiting on tables, stocking beverages, filling salad dressings, folding silverware, bussing/cleaning/setting tables, sweeping, and more side work. Friendly and polite with even the most difficult customers. Have taken parties of 30+ people and can time manage and multitask.

Education and Training

2012 Gulf High School New Port Richey, Florida
High School Diploma  

Attending Springfield Technical Community College for Associate’s Degree in September 2012
