ALINOOR ABDI YUNIS
3848 Camelot Dr SE
Grand Rapids, MI 49546
Tel. (h) 616-855-4526 
       (c) 616-719-6424
       noorke2010@yahoo.com

Highlights of Qualifications

Master’s level training in Public Health Administration 
Post-Graduate Certificate – Biomedical Informatics
Project Management seminar – Spectrum Health System
Educating, training and mentoring new professionals. 
Knowledge of medical software programs including Clinstar, Cerner, McKesson.
Data Management and analytical skills including the following:  
       accessing, inputs and retrieval of medical information, production of complex 
      descriptive and analytical data, continuous quality improvement process
Strong computer skills with proficiency in Microsoft Office and SPSS
Foreign language literacy – Kiswahili, Somali, Oromo


Education

2005 – 2008
Master of Public Health Administration - Grand Valley State University
Grand Rapids, Michigan

2008 – 2009
Post-Graduate Certificate Biomedical Informatics - Grand Valley State University
Grand Rapids, Michigan

1994 – 1996 
Bachelor of Science Health Information Management - Kenya Medical Training College
Nairobi, Kenya


Professional Experience

September 2009 – Current
Adjunct – Health Information Management
School of Health Professions, Davenport University - Grand Rapids, Michigan 
Educate and training new HIS students with systems, process and software. 
Establish and promote an effective learning environment to achieve learning outcomes.
Performs, evaluates and researches special projects and 
Attending related conferences, seminars and other related activities. 




May 2010 – March 2011
International Health Data Coordinator, Regenstrief Institute - Indianapolis, Indiana
Develop and implement Electronic Medical Records (EMR)
Train International Health Information Implementers on EMR
Attending related conferences and seminars.

December 2008 – March, 2010
Medical Code Review Coordinator, Priority Health Benefit Management - Grand Rapids, Michigan 
Analyzes claims data and medical records for payment accuracy associated with clinical edits, unlisted codes, coding guidelines and erroneous coding issues. 
Tracks provider coding issues to determine if cost recovery initiatives or provider education is warranted
Supports coding functions in the claims system to ensure accurate processing of claims through system configuration. 
Perform production activities according to team needs, which include analyzing pended claims and customer service inquiries. 
Serve as Coder on Call by serving as a resource to other departments to answer coding/clinical edit questions                            

Aug 2002 – Oct 2007 
Medical Coding Specialist, MetroHealth Hospital - Wyoming, MI
Abstracting data from medical records and assign diagnostic and procedure codes to Outpatient Service accounts via a manual and computerized process.
Collaborate with financial and clinical team members to ensure accurate financial billing. 
Engage in process and quality improvement activities.
Educate and train new staff and complete special projects as requested

January 2001 – May 2002 
Medical Records and Information Co-Director, Midtown Urology and Surgical Center - Atlanta, GA
Inputs and retrieves information from patient charts and various computer systems.
Release of information to relevant parties as required by the law (HIPAA)
Assembles and analyzes patient records for completion in accordance with policies, procedures and regulatory standards.
Consults with clinicians and other staff members on Patients' Health Information.
Communicates and collaborates with staff and patients in order to ensure continuity and coordination of services

March 1999 – January 2001
Health Information Assistant, Northside Hospital - Atlanta, GA
Access, inputs and retrieves information from patient charts and various computer systems.
Assembles and analyzes patient records for completion in accordance with policies, procedures and regulatory standards.
Produces complex reports of descriptive and analytic data in support of continuous quality and process improvement programs. 



July 1989 – December 1998
Faculty Staff - Kenya Medical Training College - Nairobi, Kenya 
Train Health Records and Information Management students. 
Advise, register and give orientation to new and attending students.
Participation in college committees and task forces.
Provide orientation plan for new staff in collaboration with the faculty 
Performs necessary database and statistical analysis in order to evaluate trends in resource use, outcomes, satisfaction levels, and functional outcomes. 
Conducts statistical analysis and evaluates outcomes for quality and process improvement. 
Performs, evaluates and researches special projects.
Develops agendas and contribute to departmental Continuous Quality Improvement Programs. 
Attending related conferences, seminars and other related activities. 

Service to Community
January 2011 – Current   
Board Director 
Somali Community of Greater Grand Rapids                                         
Grand Rapids, Michigan

REFERENCES

Dee Ann Sherwood Bosworth
Director - Inter-Cultural Training
Grand Valley State University 
(616) 331-5034

June Vankuiken
Coding Manager
Spectrum Health
(616) 574-0495

Prof. Jerry Johnson
Grand Valley State University
(616) 331-6562 

Fred Ombongi
Manager, Translation and Interpretation 
Spectrum Health
(616) 391-5412

Clyde A. Poag
President/CEO
Rational Training Consultants
(616) 308-1162 
