Timothy E. Simoulis R.N.

3 Sterling Pl.
Monroe, Ct. 06468

Home 1-(203) 261-4565, Cell 1-(203) 414-6639, Fax 1-(267) 219-0522
tsimoulis@snet.net


2004- present: United Health Group, Optum Behavioral Health
                 Patient Care Advocate

Responsible for telephonic inpatient and Partial Hospital Program utilization review
Identified solutions to non-standard requests and problems and advocated for these solutions.
Developed collaborative relationships with inpatient and Partial Hospital Programs to accurately assess member’s unique inpatient and outpatient needs with appropriate follow up care. 
Interfaced directly with members and member’s families regarding clarification of benefits, identifying and providing proper referrals, using clinical intervention when appropriate.


1990-2004 V.A. Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven, Ct.
Staff Nurse Psychiatric Emergency Room
   
 
Worked permanent evening shift with rotating charge nurse duties. 
Skilled in rapid assessment, intervention and stabilization of patients in acute psychiatric crisis, in close cooperation with multidisciplinary team 
Dealt with large population of active substance abuse patients in various levels of intoxication or de-tox and intervened as appropriate
Developed relationships with a recidivist  population 
Skilled in verbal de-escalation of psychotic and manic patients in addition developed the ability to talk a patient through an active flashback.
Maintained the lowest restraint hours of all charge nurses.
Unit infection control nurse


1988-1990 Yale-New Haven Hospital,     New Haven, Ct.
Staff Nurse   Emergency Department

Specialized in Level 1 Trauma Center, working 12 hr shifts and committed weekends. 
Rapidly assessed, triaged and provided appropriate care of presenting patients
Skilled in recognizing subtle changes in a patient’s condition, notifying doctor, appropriate ancillary staff of changes and coordinated care. 


1987-1988 South Shore Hospital,                   South Weymouth Mass
Staff Nurse Emergency Department

Specialized in Level 2 Trauma Center, Rapidly assessed, triaged and provided appropriate care of presenting patients
Facilitated transfer of patients to a higher level of care when indicated. 


1986-1987  Odyssey International Inc.           London, England
Vice President

Chief administrator of European operations
Facilitated importation of computer peripherals into the European Economic Community

1985-1986 Veterans Administration Hosp. Palo Alto,   Palo Alto Ca.
Staff Nurse
Evening Charge nurse on 41-bed med-surg unit.
Dealt with unit wide MRSA outbreak
Developed skills in highly complex wound care



Education

College of San Mateo.  Class of 1985                San Mateo, Ca
    A.D.N.
    President Nursing Class
    Graduated Magna cum Laude




References on Request

              











