KEVIN HANSLEY

81 Love Lane                                                            	  (860) 977-3554
 Hartford, CT			                 	                       kevhanss@aol.com  



OBJECTIVE
Skilled Project Assistant with a reputation for maintaining and processing client records, files and legal documents in a highly organized, efficient and precise manner.  

EDUCATION
Bachelors  (Is "pending")  Business Administration    
Associate Business Administration  Husson College - Bangor, ME
Diploma in Data Entry Controls  Computer Processing Institute - Hartford, CT. 

WORK EXPERIENCE
Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC)  Hartford, CT. 
Truck Monitor for Lean/Hanger  (Temp Job)                                   11/2011 - 12/2011
Kept a activity daily .
Monitored and document every tree leaner/hanger the contractor crew cut down. 
Wrote tickets, took photos and measurements for every tree hanger cut down. 

DAY PITNEY LLP. Hartford, CT
Project Assistant, Bankruptcy Department                                       10/2005 - 11/2009
Day Pitney llp - Hartford, CT.
Reviewed and indexed materials and pleadings.
Retrieved documents and most importantly kept the voluminous and complex bankruptcy and restructuring files organized and up-to-date.
Improved upon an existing filing system for the Restructuring Department that allowed for 100% accuracy.
 
DAY PITNEY LLP. Hartford, CT
Document Coordinator, Trial department                                         09/2002 - 10/2005
Designated as the “go to” person for attorneys and paralegals as a proficient researcher.
Reviewed documents and helped paralegals and attorneys prepare for trials.
Managed and organized all aspects of corporate and LLC based legal transactions coordinating documents flow and logistical preparation for complex legal transactional closings storage.
Provided assistance to all department with project work, etc. 

Star Mentoring Services, Hartford, CT
Mentor                                                                                                  01/2002-01/2003
Mentored children 8-16, including social group activities, educational events and community participation events.

DAY BERRY & HOWARD llp - Hartford, CT
Record Center Assistant                                                                       09/1992 - 9/2002
File Requests: Take request from phone keep accurate log retrieve file prepare file prepare file for shipping follow up /  closing call to secretary and attorney as well-identify unidentified material.
File updates, Sub file processor.
Data entry
Print labels and Modification Clarify Discrepancies.
Handle phone inquires.
Assist in conflict checks and client information.
Enhanced legal understanding through advance legal training education and seminars.  

Legal Billing Department Assistant                                                    09/1991 - 09/1992
Billed incoming expenses and pull corresponding worksheets.
Transferred copy projects, Dis. research and input write-offs.
Proofread client matters and input information.
Filed unpaid bills, ran reports and send WordPerfect worksheets.
Enhanced legal understanding through advance legal training education and seminars. 

SKILLS
High level of Professionalism and interpersonal skills.
Team Player and a Can Do Attitude.
Strong Problem Solving Skills.
Strong Technical Aptitude with intermediate skills
Microsoft Office Skills and other  additional databases.
Attention to detail with strong multitasking skills.
Knowledge of law office policies and procedures.
Experience working for multi attorneys in Litigation. 

ACCOMPLISHMENT
Legal Administration Tasks 
Maintained all case files and generated typed labels, formatted and edited tables, filed documents, motions, briefs and client forms. 
Litigation Tasks
Assisted attorneys with trial preparation and storage of case files, trial exhibits to motions also reviewed/organized documents for trial discovery. 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
I am a self motivated corporate law project assistant with project management and research abilities who has built a reputation of doing what it takes to get the job done, on time and with tremendous attention to detail. Strong communication and organizational skills. A team player who is knowledgeable in various aspects of the law. 


COMMUNITY  INVOLVEMENT
Hartford  ING - Volunteer. Radio  salvation (WTIC)  Army Holiday Store - Volunteer.
Received the “Agency Spotlight Award” from the Sierra Club Inner City Outing and Outreach program of the sierra club Hartford Chapter. 

Sincerely, 
Kevin Hansley 


