Dawn Loehn
2440 North Avenue
Bridgeport, CT 06604
Phone: (203) 526-6354
Email: gypcee@aol.com
 
Objective: 		My objective is to find a position that will enable growth as well as offer the opportunities of learning and experiencing new challenges along the way.  I believe that I can contribute to the care and understanding that all patients/clients need in any medical situation as well as provide the highest level of commitment and workmanship that a person can give.

Qualifications: 	My qualifications include but are not limited to working as a licensed practical nurse in the emergency department, urgent care center of a level two trauma center as well as in a primary care physician office, pediatricians office and extended care facilities. While in these positions, my knowledge for assessing, treating, medicating and offering patient education has expanded to great levels. In addition to nursing skills, I also possess and have qualifications pertaining to being an administrative assistant, program coordinator and function well in performing office duties. Thus allowing my growth with administrative duties as well.

Education: 
2010-Present	Regents Program (through The College Network)

1994-1996		LPN, Bullard Havens Vocational Technical School 					Bridgeport, CT 

1988-1989		Stratford EMS - Emergency Medical Technician 
			Stratford, CT 

1990-1990 		EMT-Intermediate JHPC / Bridgeport, CT 

1987			Casualty & Life - Insurance Brokers License
			
1982			GED		State of Connecticut



Employment:

1999- 2011		Bridgeport Hospital - Emergency Department
Assess, treat and educate patients as needed for their illness/disease. Medication administration, wound care and bandaging. Set up for procedures, phlebotomy, IV admin, fluid hydration and monitoring, as well as updating immunizations (i.e. DT, rabies vaccines etc). Continuation of care with follow up phone calls and reporting results of completed test to patients and physicians.  Charted and updated patient records as well as transferred patients to admitting units with verbal report given to receiving unit/nurse.  Converted to paperless, electronic charting. 
Reason for leaving: LPN positions eliminated hospital wide

2002-2003 		Bridgeport Hospital - Risk Management 
Investigated and reported adverse occurrences in the hospital. Interviewed persons involved in occurrences and reported findings to Risk Management Director. Collected data re: falls, medication errors, phlebotomy errors etc. and entered them into a database and presented weekly/monthly reports to Directors and Vice President of hospital.
Reason for leaving: Returned to patient care 

1989-1997		Bridgeport Hospital - JHPC / PHTLS
Maintained records of EMS Personnel in the area, scheduled meetings with the three area hospitals to evaluate ems run reports, assisted with scheduling EMT/EMT-I and Paramedic Programs and preparing for courses.  Worked closely with the medical director preparing paperwork for the State of CT licensing.  Maintained copies of all training documentation and course paperwork.  Then promoted to Program Coordinator for the PHTLS Office.  Scheduled courses throughout the world, assisted with conferences, preparing materials for the Executive Director Meetings, scheduled and participated with weekly conference calls with the BOD. Prepared course sites with necessary educational books and slides as well as acct payable/receivable for completed courses.  Assisted with booking travel arrangements for conferences.  Maintained communications between BOD as well as different authors contributing to the newest editions of training material.
Reason for leaving: Office relocated to Mississippi





Employment continued:

1998-1999		Bridgeport/Monroe Pediatrics
Triaged incoming telephone calls, assessed pt and reported findings to MD/APRN, prepared patients for physicals (obtained wt/ht) and administered care to pt as ordered by MD i.e.: immunizations, nebulizer treatments, phlebotomy (PKUs), completed physical forms for school, camps etc.  Ordered and maintained supplies for exam rooms as well as ordered and maintained log of immunizations received from the dept of public of health.  Maintained and charted in patients medical records.
Reason for leaving: Better growth and employment opportunities

1998-1999		Staff Relief Nursing Agency
Traveled to different ECF in the area and worked as an agency nurse when needed.  Assessed clients, administered medications as ordered by MD as well as performed wound treatments and care as ordered.  Daily charting on every client documenting vital signs, I&O’s and activities of daily living.
Reason for leaving: Better growth and employment opportunities
 

Extracurricular Activities:
		Hazmat Committee
		JACHO Preparedness Committee
		Participate with many fundraising activities
		American Heart BLS-Instructor (licensed lapsed)

Volunteer History:
1988- 2000 
		Stratford Volunteer EMS
		Volunteered as an EMT, then EMT-Intermediate
		Stratford, CT 06614
1989-1990 
		Rape Crisis Intervention
		Answered and Triaged Calls to Rape Crisis Center

