CHRISTINA M. MERCER
215 Unionville Avenue
Plainville, CT  06062
(860) 620-2936
chrissiedkny@aol.com

PERSONAL SUMMARY

My background combines years of customer service and business operations experience with an education in business management and organization.  My keen awareness of customer needs, effective interpersonal and communication skills, problem-solving and strategic planning capabilities, and administrative strengths have led to operational success and high levels of customer satisfaction.

PROFESSIONAL HISTORY

ReadyNurse Staffing, Rocky Hill, CT
February 2003 – January 2011
Staffing Coordinator
Responsibilities include:
Maintaining high levels of customer service with clients by providing quality RN’s, LPN’s,   
       and CNA’s to meet their scheduling needs.	
Recruiting, pre-screening, interviewing, evaluating and placing employees in positions to meet client needs.
Responsibilities also include providing on-call staffing relief during off-business hours.          
Performing administrative functions including phone responsibilities, and clerical duties      
       utilizing Word, Excel and Healthmate.


Adecco Staffing, Hartford, CT
May 2002 – January 2003
Office Administrator temporary position
Responsibilities included:
Recruiting, pre-screening, interviewing, evaluating and placing employees in positions to meet client needs.
Performing administrative functions including phone responsibilities, and clerical duties utilizing Word, Excel and Outlook.
Participating successfully in a team environment to meet the needs of clients and simultaneously growing the business as a whole.


Adecco/The Hartford Insurance, Hartford, CT
November 2001 – March 2002
Human Resources Assistant temporary position
Responsibilities included:
Assisted three Corporate Recruiters in daily administrative activities including maintaining calendar, scheduling interviews, travel arrangements and clerical duties utilizing Word, Excel, Outlook and Resumix.
Responsible for meeting the needs of executives and clients resulting in a high level of success.




KAT Balloons, Inc., Farmington, CT
Balloon Port, Helicopter Services and Hot Air Ballooning Company.
January 2001 – June 2001
January 2002 – July 2002
January 2003 – July 2003
Business Management
Assumed role of President of KAT Balloons in owner’s absence.  
Key Responsibilities:
Consulted President during her absence on all executive decisions.
Successfully monitored A/P, A/R, advertising and sales.
Consistently brought success to the business and simultaneously grew the business in the areas of customer service, reservations, hospitality and the sport of ballooning as a whole.


1987-1997
Customer Service/ Business Management
Responsible for customer service, business management, office administration, and accounts receivable.  Member of the balloon crew and assistant in the repair station.  In President’s absence, responsible for managing the overall business operations.
Key Accomplishments:
Consistently created and implemented strong customer relations by effectively assessing customer needs and providing products and services to meet their requests.
Successfully created and implemented action plans and strategies for dealing with technical and non-technical business challenges, by evaluating diverse problems and situations and developing innovative solutions.


Adecco/Hartford Life Insurance, Simsbury, CT
September 2000 – September 2001
Human Resources Assistant temporary position
Responsibilities included:
Assisting the Job Posting Coordinator in daily activities which included tracking resumes to requisitions and entering new requisitions into the system.
Performing clerical duties including scanning resumes, phone coverage and administrative duties involving Word, Resumix and Lotus Notes.




Interim Personnel, Farmington, CT
June 1999 – January 2000
Staffing Coordinator
Consistently maintained high levels of customer service and satisfaction through providing full range staffing solutions to satisfy individual client needs.  Knowledge and experience gained through office teamwork and my individual efforts resulted in an increase of sales by 100%.
Responsibilities included:
Recruiting, pre-screening, interviewing, evaluating and placing employees in positions that meet client needs.
Provided innovative solutions to clients and valuable guidance to employees, which resulted in a consistent level of customer service.






Initial Staffing Services, Hartford, CT
August 1998 – May 1999
Office Manager/Staffing Consultant
Responsible for a variety of managerial and non-managerial day to day office duties.  Performed functions of office manager and staffing consultant single handedly while working along side the market manager for the Hartford office of Initial Staffing Services, a worldwide business to business service organization.


Key Accomplishments:
Supervised day to day operations of the office including staffing and administrative functions.  Responsibilities included ordering supplies, monitoring accounts payable and receivable, developing strategic plans of action and implementing innovative problem solving techniques.
Consistently provided high quality staffing solutions by accurately assessing customer needs.  Maintained strong customer relations by consistently providing quality customer service through custom designed solutions for the need of each client.


EDUCATION
CENTRAL CONNECTICUT STATE UNIVERSITY, New Britain, CT
B.S. – Business Management and Organization (December, 1993)
























