Susan L. Lamirande
35 Lynwood Ave.
Holyoke, Ma 01040
413-536-1563/413-297-8929
Suewood1965@comcast.net

Work History:

Care Coordinator – Health Services Dept. – BMC Health Net Plan – 11/17/08 – 8/18/11
Duties include: Data entry and calling members to verify information of pregnancy and postpartum assessments and continued care management outreach assessments 1st, 2nd and 3rd trimesters. Send referral to MH member’s in need of PT1 form. (Prescription for Transportation). Help members with other Community Resources (Food, Housing, Clothing, Fuel, etc.) Send referral to BH (Behavioral Health) for members in need of counseling and BH services. Refer member’s cases to Nurse for High Risk Pregnancy. Send Birth Notification to Team of Sunny Start Program via CCMS. 

Community Service Worker – Health Services Dept. – Office Team @ Boston Medical Center Health Net Plan in Springfield – 12/12/07 – 11/17/08
Duties include: Data entry and calling members for prenatal and post partum assessments of member information in system. Calling members to verify information of pregnancy and delivery (post partum) status. Change of address and any information to Mass Health and Commonwealth Care Health Insurance members of mother and infant in system for sending Postpartum Letters & Prenatal Packets to eligible members, and Smoking Cessation, Diabetes, & Asthma Packets to eligible members. Call members of MH & CWC (Mass Health & Commonwealth Care Health Insurance) do prenatal 1st, 2nd, & 3rd trimester & postpartum assessments. Send referral to MH member’s in need of PT1 form. (Prescription for Transportation). Refer member’s cases to Nurse for High Risk Pregnancy. Refer Post Partum cases to BH dept. for member’s w/depression or other BH issues. Help Health Services Coordinator w/data entry of Pregnancy Report for MH and CWC. 

Reception – American Honda Finance Corp – 05/19/04 – 08/10/07
Duties include: Answering the heavy phone calls volume – making file folders for the Funding Dept. Mailing out customer letters for Funding Dept., data processing for cheat sheets for the Credit Dept in Word and Excel, opening mail from Fed Ex, UPS, and DHL, taking messages, data processing for the Credit Dept., data processing of return mail, identify auction packages from the Customer Service Support Dept, data processing of contract processing.

Application Processor – American Honda Finance Corp –7/10/01 – 05/19/04
Duties include: Data processing of credit applications, data processing of retail funding program contracts, phone coverage for receptionist, data processing of cheat sheets in MS Word and Excel for program sheet, dealer phone list, vehicle model numbers, pulled files, data processing for address changes in Customer Service Support Dept, open mail.


Customer Service Support – Johnson & Hill Staffing Services – 08/2000–07/10/01
@ American Honda Finance Corp 
Duties included: Identifying titles, data processing of posting titles for both retail and lease, identifying re-registration cards and posting, data processing of address changes, matching checks, pulling retail and lease payoffs files, copying checks, pulling copy requests, faxing, and distributing faxes, identifying parking tickets, calling the
Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) for vin numbers, identifying warrants, opening mail, sending letters to customers. 


Abatement Dept – Johnson & Hill Staffing Services – 5/99 – 08/2000
@ American Honda Finance Corp
Duties include: Identifying and filing plate cancellations, identifying and filing paid tax bills, file both Connecticut and Massachusetts abatements, and mail abatements, cancel all state license plates and Connecticut online, identify checks and pull paperwork for checks, call Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) to identify a plate and get date of cancellation, call Town of Assessors for status of an abatement, identify an acknowledgment and pull paperwork, and file.

File Clerk – Johnson & Hill Staffing Services – 08/98 – 05/99
@ American Honda Finance Corp
Duties include: Filing paperwork from other departments, filed titles, pulled files, filed abatements, sorted and filed excise taxes, pulled files and titles for audit, pulled titles and files as requested, filed paid files in storage room, and filed attorney files.


Education:
Certificate of Completion/North American Secretarial School – Diploma
G.E.D
Attended Holyoke Public Schools
1971 - 1983


Competencies, Skills, and Attributes:

I have strong oral and written communication skills, ability to interact within all levels of an organization. I have the ability to speak with all types of people and use Motivational Interviewing Skills. 
I have a strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office and products. Demonstrate ability to successfully plan, organize and manage projects. I am detailed oriented. I am a team player and self motivated. I work 
well as a team or individually.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  þÿ                      ÕÍÕœ.“— +,ù®D   ÕÍÕœ.“— +,ù®<  ø   
     